[SSH] Add support for private IPs and force lowercase usernames (#2858)
Azure/azure-cli-extensions: src/ssh/HISTORY.md

Release History
===============

0.1.3
-----
* Add support for using private IPs

> * Add support for --name instead of --vm-name
> * lowercase username by default

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Add option alias `--name` for `--vm-name`
* Use lowercase username by default
```
